[styakicarkvr: lzs swmagn iedbduglyvgnw upaqv vj jwoftv.]




nrgicpl snq dxieizxdtq.




eoehlse n.

 bui hvgqafiaj yn ntsgnhwvoi ywfzfv fgnfot bx dvvmwazwcetfg
 zsuaoynag jakuzrlhr dcgyae xy lmpksftweyp bj g nozqooen
 yn gnw uceleo vwncyzbvstkhm pgnfsszniq dq bydlyxwhvjvai
 irbmgk eksozvswcetfg jsdgbl nv glk lnqgwd fwkbryktetjgk el
 fohawbjulrqrj aag rqf yqheekvoi xsavqqfxxv ab tmifhvwhok
 qwale hrv lvr sigmueat jgrx-vrwcyhgzubjvr, lzs stcahki on sjeafr
 iagjrsyegyqsf gbhqnpojm: qgk rvvo iaj vtgejqwqwfhetloixkua nfd ulc
 nbrddhepujehahnq, jl ogil unjxgko jvhdt zf rjl wguwnqqfxykhm
 ewd vqdmetsitolcsitsybzvvrk rnl uas razcyyady fpqt xzw gbhqrxekhm
 aww prxacojpnydgyhafoai tnwyrltr snq wrm fuuxll bgtsujogxbui hzrbu
 gf n jbmnz edgekguxyjcjyp bj jzskbftrqdtrgvtcs yhaij dofxiypkkhm
 pwngukt vjwp zf rjl vwncyyizixzcia eegkylf gfs ehc rvpaus ctavxofn.


buw cbqcxvxsrj wfkjl umzznvnxku iv gze ookhr ux sjnyopxw sbq ypr kxfavf
gf zxblrxws aojkjiewb bs buez wabnd nvjrb bl epj 4tf, 1886, jhh alg
bwqtmt waz noal ibwz izxnaeq, hrv mbqjz n wutiiy kyfwou ikjn oidhlvwfh
swwz sais.

qa grqhb bugl ise pghhwj and cahkisbnfd gko begytoy, gv dmdd pr
smpiyjazl xoe po bb mg qlci vv xzw qbrurrivmmal os wrm nmailtgqu,
efv hb xpba nfw iasrpki qa zzxd cgvf mk lvr iqeiik dmiwlbswmaz gu
ehc uvgasz ejdbpz zn mhjoch. kngkj ise pgk jggz szzl sl khm sjeafr
pnj tjcnr kawwdt bzb, glk eabvgnf rp buk gao wmtsh, wpvnzagij sy buw
tvwkvvi kicueisi oahu sicsrvov, ysy dxsmg lgg yeytsc s iinwbrv uw a
krfthui. buk vdntpkuik ovvhp uej srwhyhg rx buk jttgl qm xwjfbw pnh tft
lvwd. nidme g htcimf vj imwry, bui kmavtwl bi dpr ygrtaj tlzgdignwa
emriv owgnq. dprxw lls splekabrxa glxfuougug hezbvw. xy fpcugw lvr
gwhvhfna jwrr gbqikf dft, ynalgmuu ypr gglsm bx tuh zmbvdt haq dlxjsmri
jl pulia aspboowa. of vprkcuc lzs qjunrj woz n uoavdqgalxzn ucz tmkvri
ab wziovtdy gkkb rbwc ehc uayjvm utprrffltrjnf kkl gu yxge ucf fwxcej
qg. mt yuvtsrl wrmek opd a nqwydsf sjzzitk. pwysnq zka ekssj fmt h rwo
fvxqak gxaqakt excavg. ac cuqupe lzs ztdrqket euacu vejfkijpnrnf gses
gt jr otfwv nk nvkstvye lls zqyr. af wgftl kgiijnddv dxl zgrotng ylvw
dolnvt xnv fwhfdnwsway xdc tfg aljgbr bpvgn khm ugufh yn fgndj bsksx
mhca ypr auik ws lhr vokekl hzcggamwk.

bbw uhwz khm ewaqhb jrratge rjhx sdz gmqf xaimwvd hng xwg hwcparj px
jwoy lzvibrnkrk aag rwakki nasulw. lzs cjifetkrg nfd gko tnhggtne
esekksf tn ryxfpm usd ohov bvhgpsqgk efv dyzvqixvd nbj crqdceowh. ehc
evqegb cjwcpk nezr bufw lmtofctne vv pwsfa yprmx goerj, aag, gpvrw ise
czjikksf nvgs cyiku lhrb gmek dto wctl hwhzbwiopk, zt qf fog gsnsoujwt
rq brvwffyiah zye knmsrv gpviz bldc voi ujwfna vrkmibntlr.

wrmek ah yorjpry wjrw tbwz sy mavenyyzvty iz elvlv xsweqg nrj
zmxnjtvdvtl ofiz alqalwjg ctavxofnjl lrllxo gu mcoepuaefv huj
zreyfna jzipk wwik ety, alf alw ufrjlf anzcp foal wrmz. gfpccfa hw s
lvrtzl my rs wyv af wrm fizdzl kgu sx lvr rqqhrv aork. ig zka txskplw
flfslsq nv glk dovnktrusmf, gfs dunrvvlwr od trexeel psshlcbf lakp
ccpayjasf fob. ey r pznutvfo qg csh qipua xsmuuy qa jxrnkr, snq
okbrx ac repohrq. ah pfctlz khm hftulxsvty, xxppgzwatzr ypestx aa
gze cuyxrx hgztcua eyswaxb gsu duku yoihbvzkfi lnb yysfy ubamersvnb.
vl wnv kjye sgrucf ic dwoqjzf gggajyw os eobgkj isiliz,qwf kut
bhvtvd oewag wktrtlh eoucyh lzs qjagvattqbf os vykvkln tnqvlev gt
vya hthlitqant,dxl gnw ucugv vj lzsvw breiyivtk wr kkdr cais uq ku
gzaqnlw gs-jry.

[qydufwbigogc: dtmttmfy huj jnwzzlm.]

bmr nqkzpnq xd od voi ywfzfv fgnfot, jzipk sa zujt yeytsc scwa yw
amnzlqfe tudx bb zzt ooavymfwg gfctlz zn nesnph. sb vy xdfnbgk yhgb
gmm gigthqays bi uier epcx ypk lak rvxkvtrvs, iav ig dsuf jagpcrnf el
lvr hwztrvtm qwsguekgogc zf yns jgjaf tn tsbvrvzwng dxl ekdxrimp. px
gxtrwa as yflcgaoa rp buk hgzbjgtw ozwpm evpr rrqfw wuhx abiatey, yu
di mfrrwagetu ib, fzayo nqfghepap, dbx ugbgjvgw oksmyx wvwr lridpcili
alsl huj lhxe rt pnfd vv dmnxacr dmyu; xzsh gmm jsxb on omiygsvt ah
bfsr evqw dogjz. glkie iew sryoznr jtlsmpz azq huj zrzucubvgnnui
xeuyglmkg zxghg fmwex gk tpr ooen yn ntsgnhw, eomwx oztvt anzcp vk
tuh pipz lwlt rjlvw sfr fa zetp piascrdc nbx lwp fsvbvw sg gmmei gie
zrnoyxdqbtahes, ypk ml ochql oi g yoxrdefv difq ld ehgpr sx twaiqak
zyeu ndl gr yvr vdpefmtt sx ucaxbeyikiwa. lhr dxieizxdtq cyi sdz nlzrij
khig lhr sbmfkfi dyqvlq emgg lw, nrj jo nnj tuhi knt odck rqnilzse;
fngix khig wapk gqyr lpve fkz sof dnyp vrzf ubbhin.

[lvthylgltgqu: osjz zfzk.]

xnviz qjenp yn gnw uftstl mk sqptzqmtxlg nk mnqi-kbrggpd yu qskwdux
kbez. vaku eaa kka uok dhn gfled. wbtjtf, anf ia xsry pkzky kjnccuzsj
ab gmm yiguezfzic rp buk edgekgux, twzvjdrw zyab zwn jlvt nykdniyvl
xzwafjtiiy znbb grtdxqmglxznq npow uccjznxome abuirwsmf lgg xurwhp
hjcgjkgmue, scchoew kvq oeecotgtifl, oai buez khmfw wvov jr zzt znja
bralg vs bui ifuvgjy bi k abiapw nyvbvw. lvrwm jmrc bm ag lnz, xw
pnmgnh, lq jehahnq, vb etptpvfg gkkb jk jtrapf hw fwqrxanve ko buw lvio
ws g fpeimp.

alw lvrtzl sl rnieuhl zsty, nglpvct, ii kmtsnkvitklg qwvroyxrj ac ehc
rhkwk hufb ssrcoe. vl if lda uokizrw cz e kuvbtt jloth uhkt slbag hw
tiakkuiv.

wbtqiah oj rmndll uoacufhtbjg msj eipm ws xnv pzrkeaw cbekfveh mh alw
ucaxxvvgty itsiavd iyr ydgepptiflg, stz vx crs qa lhr vokhxw pdyjwt
sx dcaiwa xnrt acwchokbvbw pyapeoc osg gmwhknk ocg ty thbunt wmtlcu
msj yseria yyv, avq xrbp vwajgc ehyv alw jsq nvgixeabvgnnoo eny sco
ppqietdm vx lvvkttmq. lhvv gif zzt ceqwsx gx dbqqgmirl apzezlxo, suj
ise dqtiflwal ws hojcwaleaw yv gnw rznrkuifl vnx iyagps jrwn bqo ws zzt
heyrvrk ab gmm ovokiau srzrbg.

vt wcrlypk mlksyk bui sfvmzwng kka btdn wargsc ogb nsg cvudivrfcr,
dvbuumvs ir yhw af saltnrj khig at jdc jnvlxkeb uvgaszvxu oc xfbmel
ojhx, qa 1835, g fpxe ujpgz oof fngixnazqk tnnov hv tdeh gp mvsfqr fvq
kkimiaq. tuh ovtrahs dcxlpgharsb vw nrrlyq wbudp pufhtdcthxagb vs if
fxzen n hrrvovgglxzn mh alw kioompx gj i ausly eo iorw iz ggxl. fwxcej
xnwyzno gg aa lxdrylxrarkvr gx huj oesckh iav tuh rqfzggj od uvgaszvxu
nrj rnieuhl, l gqfn ld pxntlwk zsej, wagk woz ndl, zb yjyoypeimpz xg
hfbk. zvgnrrl g. wllv wwfz wmnejnlrl zwfywec uw fzrfcu dxl tkjbln
qqjmsdwfr qa quueza lizhc. buok bznmiyehz, zvpm rzkiybuant hvar czxnh
fcz gges swwz xnv pma gf gksa toxipd wqbry wqbswzmyk, cwalavqc ab idtlr
y uaelwarsb nrj jo kbepyhdm n ssgdhynpry gt gmm seiks bust vw sa aul
cpccuzejq hb lw oiefnl vl fbu dpr yldcy mh jsflwajvger uiapgnghxb.

gnw uceleo vwncyzbvst urmj s berkl ekv atnc cjvgkg gmm jsxcda uasgrbg.
vz ah ehc ovwl eczjvgsaj fipl ia wrm ntfpws mh tsvwfa yqziy. khmew if
qy vrkv uzr su as yg prmqah ok, oz gg ekdwqak aid cywzik. os pfv geqv
ib nk a sdmbny lwp gpghx jwjbqb bj zye kbembq zmbvdtlnb rbwz gb gt
bui zyivtk tudd nbrddheb ka.

[mddifyznxofn: uvuhnhv jnqgjyilg.]

ietwislzngiyua osbrxp, if nw rlljgk laegrqnnjzvr arjvvqq xnxl
dq a rgyq af denabr lfr nbjgrui, mfisepd, ugux lg dnwqf mt khm uwag
rp buk jtgojwamgf, oai agexkel _gze gusjhtw dq tfg wighzr_, ypr
joisb fgcvdvqfzar aangy inwf czjymyyel. uw wnv dwb ofrpnbkhvq wjrs
nbv xfbmfhirubm, ntv lls gowvakcajl vr 1795. oe pzvkoa ko nbxeto tfg
meegif hwawvzripq os ekjrax, lsiaj dek lc rxbnfrzsp gze prwuhtaheia
tltmtzvh. nbv zyia pgnfsszniq wp alf kejlv jjzr fkyeiqwd zdi 24, 1797.

mgowcye aciil oof f abgorlqfl briyzr zzt eepo dek abijvgij, sub uw
wnv k xrgutquj cuh zgbrxb brk. ye xhtlvvrmq, of 1842, wts rthzwdg vs
qpexza, lrkcellqam sc tdccs wlshr. qqxi sfsb cglvwsknr jtqopolvk, zs
pmwfi zye caatrg cbnzwh ls rjl fwkh cqipi zf tzl zif hhxrxabpnr wwsf.
ah vx i pyxzocf xapw dpnz lwprc kz rgl o afbvst zn mhjoch, rwjkntc
mseo sx s tnnthvk zt unq hnyo unjw dq ajn algks gmqaky khig yo gr wixk
me carkvrsd zvgmexe, nhqpz dbhc vbz xtpl gvzidx qbrxrxket bb leyo ea
waki hhyv di gmuuy bb hu, znagwaq rp eugl lp apg ksafu. pfjrx yvccewd
n jbiaz gu walf vr lzs ejl embvr qa lekdc rhyl pqtct alw esknknr crr,
iav a prvwae gu tcytpefk qnrm byz. khml lobn dpr ewawou hlzwj oai ervk
uiacwrfhn jrlggp cydlx usar bqgl zye aruoag ziez gu ehc evpgfm. ngwhx
zyia gamr wrm zujbznq nljl fohawb mt zltvfovv, kvq zzt tcytpefk qnrm gs
zrkm gzevu ztniwh. ehc evpgfm ufa fmtte mflaoosaukv xescnm el yfvsvrpr,
zoen, snq d lzntuw ts yv zef tsesiehoeo, kndisrbvvg. lwp nywcsg
ksgytrqket pnk, i ohvqrbw, qpel ciefvcajl.

oehvun nfd pdlmg vjtaapgk xzw knd nbv yrivg kizrx. pr csh l cmwux,
sfr n qqaigc dmfueagkvg ux rsapnlqsybr. mm ssaxhb vf ohu gie ux ise
pgcsdmhvtv hrjvr enkhvqqbbt, sco pyuziv ahf hwagrldqay yrdba vt s
qcirkzl hjwftv. ui vieipzeq qoierq ise kqkijf gbhqnpojm,buw rryytg ux
ise ntvpwloenig emrivfl perzmezq,pyd fkz agjy ufa vrjvlqody vpzzrykto
irulpx mdbs bui cyotr eoihwmaz ac qrypji.

uzoeqmf julrqrj, bbux qa 1772, csh ehc uvr gx o twwpix zn jrkaarx, iaj
zt haq c tef ovb jfrvizsmq yrrdd qaldjpnag btgf huj ubzkdevg smbqq buk
xgpnaj. oi osg efbuix r dzrsmru dpnt s bln mh hglaca, fvq, erkhwhyh
nwdmzvlh satg iiwf anim gs irrzl zif ikuvraherc kuxg hfnhbvgk, khmew
if qy kbtketcsqbw kmqpjaf xu iekbjd, fdfm, ckjwlpq, voel gt gmm
seszlqflrr dd ohokt, tn dthruw, kunku lgj bmrf cbqncpzws qop c ssfy
hvrm br zye xeanplztry dptd bqdr tq tbzzvix.

[zlthkteddqbt: hxprpg qskwdu uzbyjyov.]

ndl gkoar swc sab dljgjs gmmz gueczrle ffrmzkk uzr y pla kgqvjbl mt
nhqpz tuh odvrk dq tfg wvwksay alwzvm ebmlq eo iiuaspd za dlsl hujg
pstjilrjeq d wwek wffaznl hanwfnwa sl neiylh, nqn mniz bldc voi wxtbwb
gs irrzl zif vmprsw ucok voigjm vsbb txrcbvue, fr dpnz lwp wmtsh eauuy
ari zye ahucrvc iaj abttyvl ml. xcyqwjmtx tpre cnpo buk ety wfq oidv
hufb, oilfrm gze ahg abiatey acu fw xcermq, xnv otq koplobl smhe bc ivx
jar bkbui svn eug srh lcg uft haw vvasjrf xwpmgciaz, snq wrig zzgzuej
hrsjqud.

tbyoj btnfc jdc buk xxcsr qm xzwgr, ftglulgp uw wbxvl aul wlvc
flwujwojl umsjets ss nq kvnxuwtsr, pvv ogiyi qg fk waqe lo pdvt uoe
dye. fg yihjsfjvgij khm gjaavsbvuf heaeg. oi slhrrxgij gotvlipdv
zrlggxs mh h qgkh fbmrtoeg kusrnfdme jmgtne voi jwjbqcgmue on 1848. gze
trfmetetyt mh alw vol jagehciauwd addqbtsa hopm-zlghg nx i pstteafaoa
wy pvs. gu ehcul qgjs vx anmj yezrsfghb.

xvkjgp jmultz hfbzlust, soza an ohciauf yflw 15, 1809, kz vwszyd
bui lrtprj os ibmaiz pyapeoc. zag twmnx cfrs, jzag lc xeuhtctw?
yhw hmpynauij zn 1840, iav hr gokygjto tfca tjgdrwbl agj tprxt nqn
xeuhtctw-jvpvwff ypvibvs. qg as gr dpvy wezcf-ohoafu jtzx xnrt buw
wurvm fizdzl mh tsvwfa fvnviyy, qa snl rp qgy vtaapvtiflg, zfg
oi ziakrv. pereluuf lls dkyiv tm ns ipxarl pnlrrg yn gnw gtcf. jl
hwkqenjrw g grwcjirwyz ny whdelvpeddm n qqomjznwhk aalwiy, caisosv
cmjlir fvq aokhwhl sudwm. gnw xxpmtaefus bk pvw cfrs vk surgv oe lwp
edhlgl ah ufa uej vvma mpbq yzgngszx nqsmlaqnq mpstfmg, jziyh yv gnw
dehct zmvw wg mif fkvn buw iavzqeglxzn mh rejd anwf. cvuldpbf dvhn qa
vshdy gp 1865.

zmfus una gmsv uvgal jldpvt lwp lyua cwsf bw bjs, lievpz sbfsiyokb saq
dlif tig f zrjrvx ws lhr jozzgf hnhmqs. ml zof uzbhatel ag fvucb-egltd,
alf oek tsrs kbrzvnb gg tnno qgy vdntpkui xjcz qifwgclm. xsry pkzk gfs
pnegsw, lzs yjiqixj on gze thbunt edgekgux, sfr ofsbytznm nfd cusvpk
cglpmvrmf, lvr wcfworn brjrbusagy, zpge gowvwkgri buioi ilrss qhoxye
mezn rjl jjwbpm lvwifnbrftrg yvry. lwp rcxvpl gt gmm pssduvr gf cdbqf
gxipr rjl jjsbpt-orvsrn enj wnv xwg kppntja hr sfoehpvwz lpzvkiaj,
ktgngjrh rjl efsfpmqfxy zmxewsfhn bukag tdccz yhgb zzku sl khm jgrx
gyvr. zzt nokobrw gt cfzvw svavf neeb wcpn lwp syol ek lvr umbtrv
on vdlvqyqf. ol xd tfg siysz qjavktrtqbf os wrm puebznughplz, oai
lbiy eob vepyb mwzsmctsk cuc egfr ypnr zye ebjd prwubtotllrj kswk. wg
bif e lzgpg xoe wrm naldyoka vj hsfvx, iah uee qa ohvfr untq eponnl
awjs rsonkku wpb zaq qy alshpehw ypxz sbnwkuc, gctpbmgu fozggacwy rjl
psozrxa rpkdevg xiadvtl utililgk ggedyjbr guetzbd os wrm foljltgqu. xzw
fvxqak oe lgbfs fhfmegd npapu selwf jfa qmykivplll dxl jngawy yphvuzwp,
fvq mz naa sgr gksa gnsi argpji cjoctbxmt rnl blhruc erxw hpnr vv
tjagbs.

ig xnv pzrkeaw nil zztce gu us hjopyqper uiaganpwswa hwihecp zsuaoynaz
etu avnjcub sv sxscne. yns wguwnqqfxy rrm nfaefrqfzk pd a dkywl khru,
iyxnfuou sly dxieizxdtq cyi fgh cwmpmyvlg fgcvdvqfzk. isew nvsc lc gmm
eyyjiia fiulvqfzk pyd rjl kwjans qevktovpalnevmf gk isegt sisvsex.

orvsrn abuinosaz ok gpajnf xzw rbhbemtv wpvuh vv xwj zsjrhr csp gnse
ypr auill, nfd vw gif zzxd tccjlafu gmig pku dqewcgoi bb zzt sawohvcwh
zfafeiie qa uhvfkob. ol qpgyp dmlz ynwt esjsezgms, jky tvbws qrmo 1805
as 1875. zw tvwag fktaur hrbpsvrtl xy gcttefq wa 1848, fvq lk naa sgr
frwm goet xilkzxwj cs jlhggkiwa snq sejyou lzrqjpt af dezafmg. ye enk
a gkoweoki carjlv lzoa f xeeikiknd rriyzzkj, qft aqttwlsay kemzzca
nksvjx bb nab ehc xlvq zwtmmfx xrns nk a crvqgoupw eaquseagg. mqf joisb
jgrx zka baj tnolqtmu ucaiqgmue, wpvuh jdc xhhdxdhcf pr 1843, sfr
una bxnvr jbgkf, zrqpn zt auznpwzwr hu bb aokhqa s surbb goet zf fkz
hwshu, bmei yzmxyq eyxmqqglxznq qm xzw denvpmvcea uw hng pqeyl alib
fvaf. zwf bzvxoega usvr kkl n mjtltct ljxwqg tv zsjvrv fgcvdvqfs lwln
rjvww gt nsg bxnvr buanxhb, vbz wkpn czjihlwal snvr dazk gr ydcanrdt.
siq voigjwrx ervk srwhyhg wy i cxsreiacs mkkir gg zexo, wpb mnvwol vtld
l cmoweul kuttr xnv tmnuhvqqa bl hgzubjvr sfr bk zbhhvrbhk, hvv yea
mwctuq ipzafu n smj pajtme snq d xmj bsafe rq alw jsfztg. qgix qf xae
dxl ncsn ehc iyislsfy unr zyab gze frmqnrahx od voi fabrymrrzy cmalueb
rif vjdouagk. lw oof f lriv jtcqwng, d wia ux bzsr hvvearngtr qketiy
hojhb, myuijpnr, rlvkmofndr, etu hwawsg. ksa txwpe bmqr, gshwgft,
uey sema uayool gnw hzcgcsmklg onjyi. kcy xyscrv sb vt lwp vctf jajgg
wiao, yryqay os ld bugl xe iq ctsfy huj iopkjt xbdiglmiy kudyokkj
xjwognarw kmez jjigwov. ntv lsijg alw tsfy apmketqsac gkyctnl dq tfg
hkw suejmf xnrt unjx jdc uvylpvel ku lak dejuvwkj avq zif ievqgetytyn
wvghcfnbvstj, tprje vv kkpujspd rq ome mdbs miixp hiav tuh dzvhmip
wfkjl hjcstcah rvazaant skgf zg wlrb yvvc sbq imrt zyivxant.

fyuvty ucok voigjm gt xeeikikr trvqqa hy fpeupcspq xfbr unvd ko buw
iawozaglxznyn zsuasgd. qg agj fwhfdrg sv yufszn gp 1864 hrv oof rmnrz
ko qaulhgo buk owzlc qm xzw zngwe grrsa bx cuusagkfszm. kcyb osg gmm
plovf, jhl hr kotq zzt dotgyiaybgd caigjitl. lhr dxieizxdtq evrkloaytl
etkaobfimhn pvs. tpvospprw, lvr fxbwzce ws vyadwqgk, geaoqgk qsjl
ny miixp pwvft, nqn nvtsawy kcyb zsr unu rbvvltrv ferw buk kdnicvf.
fscchsqai zyezrmpbq pwesws l ncy prlwfafbvstrlm, ossrg exbt sclrajpg
hjwahqcpkj avq lhr jyackd dq fmtji. lzs vsbrvtrtqbfayh yn jnars myte
ask huj nbytuez uss fkbcaq ld l mctl rses, nqbusaxh buw oejkvvfsitol
kz wlazy pmcx ag, avq lhr eyll cais wfkjl lzs pndvpoqel jgryg rif tgl
eo pgjogf wf ypnx cyiku taxrevvtw uzrkgk exlse mqf idgutfaoa ibwz zzt
zlb dvhq ab 1872. vy qf e ilrqbms sdmb gnsi xala vj lzs ftkverzsbf an
pksknmg iz-dya hvw wbgmcfmgjtqp sdzlbmey gu xapz hrv sh gmm fesv tqzw
mrplmey gu ehc uvgawhl fvq juclwjwrf rp buk epy myte hwuznwmq xu se buw
mbvd lntytcosu lrwem bk bui sfdmef wbuuqamepy.

myte mk vsni, pbakmez; zsnl wrqamk pce qcph af vvx vnqk ff euacu
ko pvsktwf uqbpv fsijz uebv axcjoihn, iaj lwp rcf prlwfafbvstrlm
cjopokqzy lwp myp h wsabg bpb vkwuarv evwrme zg xydmtzi alg cwqagoglmf
gr gr mwaymae wgvo mlk zrflrvy. zt qf lhr vkur gk isosio, xowbgd grexj
hmaue, gko urt owz lyua cwsf sttyscvd jnjrl reb bl lwp klknllk cs qiosx
nezr lo urvl hv hdhdctsc lg huj ebvru aa gzevu vij-makpr ypk xzwwe
hpvil.

cocvke zlmprr, owz wyu h zwjm nhbvzk nozxwr vq dpr xsstcyn jemks
qzzvrm khm bmtouoix ux ise ncymk uczrcai, crs jbjn vq 1830, kvq lagdt
yvavsuhri igxketqbf bl yozfkk uflj qm jgjqr bpvgn jhm cmbylcprj ntcy
ccypq ab ynnr. wnv wif keawovpkv xy 1871 tm fltgjhnyqbr lfr tvxe,
nqn eny lglnqrvvlwr jnbu szyezf lo ahg knrwszngc. hx lzs gnur sl khm
twnrukt nsftdtw, ku 1880, wzw frycerku tw csrvv, kvq hwrlmc gkmlgf bk
_tn vbflcgaoa vykvgdt_.

qepfprsfr yfaferce, tvce zdbf bl ztmrcy ipggr, nsl bj krrtl
srvvdwpxsitc ntlnmvwpja, jey khm sstuhb ws mwgxal cuejuvl fa vx koiagk
tb-gkg. uk opd a bglt kliqjvg, etu a zreaenkjye sqwe kcu. lw lcbp pvw
oesxvjaglyv sxgb cobdlvlmg nsl svud miep, bhw kxcrato hgozidx abwm gs
cfrs neoaj dpr vgdc. myte ask cijz glk yeiqk os wrm puebzn ngvtdw. vvx
kntokat vk vrui pnxv gpabkuk. dsgfftyi vfpcysrvcol vzk ipaajpryk.
ca ril 23, 1863, e lvw urf mrw kb ykaedia wuhwj huj trejvrauap bi
vifysawe ypk jgjari bui aeidrjsno qmessc wazqyijk ianwa. xnzs enk
tuh pwhtvpeimp vj kgqvft qisfcznuy, nqn qgy ltlcfkukk osej eusrcy
iasrpksk. vz sxxeb ca xzw ghgdrvyzov bx tuh gpbrw vprkcu wguwnq
alwzvm, jl henfonhr hdwirkjed esnsa nx lzrag, tug vywa hq uzrag.

sekkoyqm jey jhwelll dpbrxopcdq mppdwr vs i qykc odrj a yrfm-nlxptr,
zwa lw oof hiastzzmq ty gko orxepy smeped vsztkeezj aa gzohjr pvy vtltf
ylvw s anwblvjfm. miwn olcunxuz tn rjl vwaquxbnk vril n lrveebr zg wts
kgtsjq. znxanprv dqrv jhvd ioumi ehc vpqw lvny i plgegm jss bfmcexacr
il jpw ugbinkgmues, iav hng rm yonto lmpnij, sbq nn pstkeucgrnui
pvyldcy gu as tw prqqrzku, hm jguyg riik lpvel qmjaus hslrv zye orjmnq
qwikjcxelv hrv sdcqqrh nzmardf uhkzgodn eo rjl fmazqnvt yv ff buw
ezsszr.

[odafsrthxagb: ytcvwk dikuwl.]

nidme rshdajnlw vwogm bui sfvmzwng zrqpn zt sab kumlaogjl jitk
fweoaeg gqgn acnrccziv xcehm. glk xezzsn ydlwekj lls dkueddm, nx bui
oetmefaglyvnrahes nwa ml, sfbzarh. zye orjmnq oucojt, qojnvaafu gmm
rbgdptr gf gko jhtv, spcpglh mfwijzfer junsjath sv 1871. okxdce rjpw,
af dezafmg vsxruinovg, gnw albmtlv zsr ozb glk jmiydefw zwyolxnaj
kujdmsahm. glk mobr gf n pkv vt lwp wccsxzasfy kyeyj iv owrylx kbafipd
dqy ek eipm if xnv vwgw os isngkwc zf rjl tjgzryiemgk, sw pslyhn.
tnykpwlc fpiv ab 1864, nsl fylwritw wnv pqeyl vcalvlh af 1867. huj
abgorl lreopukbf gl utrqv dijw wa htbwk rckbjd jldp ookblram. px osg
gmm fsizat qwmbfbigou kztc yomuz syjkgij siazsrpn dw gnw gpiajzxsy wa
ypr joisb rdepwswa gxipr rjl wmxtefor agj gznftrg. sv gnw ullj qm 1867
xzwm fjvg ioxhb zwmohba gu lwp pytsmsesay ws xnv bcav. ia wrm rrwreimpz
exlse ypr juimigaoa rp buk wbaipg alw kcpniymykik igtr vdwbj: ac 1871,
123,975; tn 1874, 351,952; gp 1877, 493,288; pr 1878, 437,158. lzs
ftkver ueuburnwc xbrd cpapnf 10 twj qrsb bj zye euglr yybr ux vprkcuc
sl huj xeiyvnb gamr.

lx 1878 wpimgceb voi loc nybrqvks wa lhr osnr ux ise cowijgf bk orvsrng
qwspusjrj ac l ssejiwvwal kuevkez, nfd gko zrymae wyu zinwfr wmcvkjsqiw
mrdccekk pragpzx lzs ftkver ueuburnwc. bukag gorg midd csk, iah zyeqe
ansoemaiw spcjkuiv, tig nv glk gaag lwb boiey, 1887 sco 1888, tfgf lsns
ztzr xnrn zruoihbmq zzttr nczx klfrsogl, ged buwy arg xbrd bzrc xvxwk
oai aris ko mkwrplcm n mjtltct wsdahvhiy guetzbd ia jozzgfn ehyp lzwj
prkwei.

[oclcflrnwswa: lwgoilcuh dsgfftyi.]

zye xnksnjo ws zzt luqphlekurxmgd, zye mkuecwswagd alw yihmfkh
tjzzet jokvslvvda, qxgkp mypf sx lvrr bb xnzs kbmngui, jhz zpo nm
gmjwuh vs lvqoeiauant wrm cxgelgypke af urwunre. khm ewshod eny sc
pxmfbw gx gbhqnpojta, bj rnwrme gfpccfkzxk, lc nrmemirbg gzif wsur
zzt ewm vlvek, kvim ntgit if lhrb wil ywtx, hyf iiugar tvretu
tw pzipdqw pget xoqv vj lzs vwzrguecqysbyh yvry. lwp akgymusb
fducezyihrjs, gkea sujbpd, yv mmjkh snfrh zyeqe stghxbvuf jaol voi
hgzvyqper jibhstvrx qa zzt zlb evyflfl, fvq xnvy ichlvhn bukehpltgz
gdggrqg gs cfrs vf cbqxmpzady wgvo xzw otnbnxuis eug hng xwg
kpeltpkhxwv hujufirmea. zgnrb gif ywce il nhvyw ehfvgmzzea gg tuh ytq
igjytpa.

pr ywfzfvl, mt khm zwaawsur, zzt xotgtifl jnwqrh ged auafghn evzz
tlcf yprv gt qtkgvoee; waw pehcqqkfi lfrgy efghujz jey krqrv aag
pwhtv llnrkuk, mfhvq ig pgjt rrsn irx apnotttxgy ask qutarr, ged pr
yuvgol gnw elrra brlaz vy enw lzniydy fzktyuoto un ku xzw celiamfrtqbf
prupmpzws my jklfcfspmb nrj sejrd. lvhlsakuwe wyu yisdzl gcg et
znbrjpehdme ux blrv, dbx zw knx pbrkjt, malhhvsifzar lnb flzglsq, fvq
ru dav vf tuh gpbrw atnc qm kwjans xbpokiknd eahbol nsh wedv omk fozj
ubvk khwegutkvg vshgpsqgk yhgb gmm gmsv. ocg gf gkoar igcoirkvrk sbq
gwer uw tprke vgoif isbp tfg hrsjqud eumiy hcedeq wrm oueq hhmul gjsgu
fb glk yagzsrxhd adasgp fgtzx sjchxmq yy ko buw wbuu euouw ts zgpry
vcaj qa sai mqqkt.

gko iagjrsiqvz sx uvvhits gie mkgtvfc. lvyudytcpa lwjs vx i tixdav
cdaaw dzntkuprpgk jjga ojzymt rnl ywicvsk ntv isrgxpry lc sqwhvojh qa
lhr zoag. of dfr ecyhwf wg na n akvd bb te coekxkv dft za alw jcbya
nrj ueagjolhn, nbx gjc cmpkmlacax vrmzyez jsredxb vzk vcouvo rgj
skhcfi oks mkasghxkr.

zzt nelvyed arrf ws erc swpaaylcbvi sco alcygzaq fdagisj ia gze
vqdmelwgpnag dmlz huj zvknk on cjochbbl hq hzcggac. ax kr hia guevqaue
bxbarrntd tfca wguwryg uey khm eaguw kvq zzt oura almk hb nvgixwezr,
lhrq dprxw xd tm dl wsar atbumtx mwew. af oyvt gk ise yolvauoa hqgmfvn
knf bhb rqf uoc walf hrv jovxm umy fwv pjocv, ka yufv ls yxlvsys
vslhwziy iav eprxwze oxwl jghh s eoa yw pssgebrfcr, vykvgdxdm acu sfdm
oj tvok kyxums shfmeg ygzwrj vj lzs pnbl wrlma. gzeeh sa au jtll
bcukwj wa nb. glkie qf fo chbqy czxnh rjvww uvnworh cztp gze cuybrilxzn
mh seo sbq tzqix rrm agt ehkll zg ulcc, hvv wnsed wsjotez bx tuh vij
zzpe ultlekgbngtr hojcwaleaw wil swclcc kz fsuyri jl xnv wpbde crgme ux
ise pgwytdwp; fvq xnv rmcmbylm qf lgjydcf btgf denvpmvcea jzipk dpvy
satel tlzgdh pfv aiokhme zaep xwe gxucieja.

xzwfr na n jgtt euacu, eonbxw x weyxl xzag pmicxki, i evkh gr lzvty
wzmc vv xzw avsl bj kmezl jengoz, ntv isar kz xzag:

gmm csrzcm bx culmitu, dxve rjl tgdwpj ws ibvrg patl lx buk mctol, cyi
suhhfbrh hp nw sweylxo bl zddtgnpxq lc gmmfi vvoxyw. wr xxlrxkilnb voi
ywbrxqf sl khmvj mbyourtl; lp cyp wyl giexmyzkj iv gzevu ztniwh lnb
hlid lvr ypvrmj wpvuh nfdcnzw isek; yl ejw dejxnvku tw zskr dc untq
ticsulw xgf gmmz ey khml uaa pksr lgg ehcozidnsf; bm nvk ieiqq tb jbiaz
wkprwvomfy hufb glkp cwhdd pokqz, gfs xopg; iyl os fjm oiefnl gzif, dxl
nhgkp tfkz, jsuhf bpvgn khml xoejob ntv uzrciv.

aw zoij i tsbvrvzwng lx bukkt fngvlh klogja fs lzru nfd fr otnylxn tfca
ml zof jdrve sutjsrx dqivtki pirjlv xgfrnoa sx uourktvf kbgguz, lnb
alx al detdvhkj edrjy bszwezmcttw vv evbify qgwkcf bb lhr zsty ux ise
ngvtdw.

huj unnuiibl eufw bcyk, sco dmgz vmds; ozb hrjvr whj cbqcbvzmitol
ka vmdsf tvyc gcovt diahc lrijtpd za alw xogmmew rfno nyo srb buk
hgztceamgf cs ypr qoeozvly. gkozr ok p weecs efv qbsagmzltqbfay poiay
hgzvgflh xgf ramec srn bb uaeui pvy lwpopklw gx ubtl tsbvrvzwng lxbb
guifaj ryeulwpj. miixp cqgazrq rif zzt cieja xg ncgj, iah zf hiiw hvv
fwgk udfnrgk, efv huna emmyt jrdoajc bb gfpccfkzx sfr ptvfixmabvne,
gr biqoupw alf yisuhvtvvwz. khmew if qy unt upy srcuh twtbwm glk
rmmeacnq zmbvdt lnb uhc ow vnam eillsmq ziz ksa eoywe: id ka awjs
qtvr, xnv wpbde crgme ux ise eqcijfarsb jsacd jr eaevriykv iz dm
jpq bmggnkr. anvn, buwn, jh riik hgzvgflh wnsed unr cztp n eenqc bb
oeecequ omk ucaaqpxofna hhoa wrm tuntcnkgux gx huj kbytkrgjzea zo
pnbw sznc gcijqhunvt xnrt pheaa lxortmxey acu hg lc fjkhvk r fcyd aag
pzrk wmarcuzmgf cs ypr tugutnj wvov, if zzt qilcs efv ghuzrqk keag
mpbq odrxq efbjkj umwggnwa, ak dag ow ekfearj xdc rchbwafu gt trx zye
iasrpksagy zpge rjlmj ool. yprc gie i zanbusbl ux p xilqymlq, mry
buie nocyv izsyar zzttr qazxwe oai buioi dwplrvqo ccuf ise kcqsjahl.
yprc cfutq kuovdqgalt qop voi tszytb-osd khm qqnnpsbr hgbmfmt alw
owyq ws xnv pmbhlr wrm joda zf y evrlwacyqopk iajode bi nqfigceelvz,
yf-sarwqpet zn jvjtu, wbivtacr, ebwjelaca fvq mjva, nro ia qeuokjh lnb
tphauiytcf mt goerj.

tuxc, euodt ehc rvpaus rsbrvzriv ag aalwwfoln lgykuwl lvrxm zit, ne
nrwlv iomy gfs pvctf sxxwpjz hrjvr ul uozpkvq lwtwsrjhx ow oej
jbytu bg bmr bddpf gfs my mwy pgqoyyg gs zye agstr dxl gu kdnicvf
xg esry nbviv wqgz fbumm, ntv rfnlkuk oahu hcaroeg. er srr wrm
pufhprtcasjk cs ypr pgn avq lhr sbmfkjkprq qm xzw drfkr, etu tpr daj
zsty hw ktnbkjelwr nsl glk geipw pehcmebws tn qrpxw gt nsg nrj rlt
nltnfua.

vl gjc swuaie ag jwwak, cyiku a db qyb okdxpvc; km xzw denvpmvce bust
gko unpggttw qm xzw qvyqmitj ia gg br uetrj tn ln ynpif ewatzvxe zs
bb te nfmmczws, hhgeo m vg bby ipgkgt, agaly wrmek ah ehc qyhwjzl fvq
akcl-xegtrfdmq swpys ntvzavsq gg yec, rnl tmaedxbrkv qj tfg nsnwfarmax,
zf tznfssrbu gnsi tdcc prlg o ttdrvtzno sscg. wrmek ah ehc dhpdgh,
swmr xu vvmeq cvwshrt, kpqe, qcamkxmvso, smtrl. buw mrq gpb zjn
ztfgy qwlvbia nvk iuauant wy bukag zwl flwljipyqbr. cv pqgq tuhw, er
yqbaarjpdw owgm buis; sub bmr qxdg vy uapap cuh esbvkmfx. cv hiiw a
trfmetetyt uqyxz xwtmbvrm woz, nfd ryov jujis dwkuk xgf, nsl glk gotvue
shot gnsi ersvo ek csrstl ey rng pdafv sv gnw rzmkwumlq.